one of the challenges that I faced, Uh, coming up through the ranks is,
um, my For me, the challenge would be, uh, being maybe ah, junior
and and my age is one of the challenges for me as, um, coming up the
ranks. I was a junior sailor, but my age was a little older. Um, and
for me, that was a challenge, because I I saw myself as a leader.
And but my rank, uh, had a lot to do with it because I was a junior
sailor and I it was challenging to move forward with certain things
the way I thought the way I spoke the way I carried myself. And unfortunately,
in the in this organization, we do a lot of things by rank
and being a junior sailor, um, motivated to do great things and to
be that leader. I had to stay in my place because of being a junior
sailor and how I overcame that was just by waiting out my time, making
sure that I was studying and reading and so that I could get to
that next level, um, actually tow where I'm at now so that I could,
uh uh, be the leader that I know I could be and then understand that,
um, the junior sailor, especially now coming in, Uh, a little smarter,
knowing a little bit, mawr, um, knowing that they are the foundation,
or they set the tone for what we know now. Um, and I'm okay with
that. I didn't understand it before when I was that junior sailor,
um, coming into the ranks. But now, being a leader, I do understand
that even though your rank is a junior moving up the ranks, you should
be able to listen and encompass everything that the junior sailor
has to offer.